Add SMTP troubleshoot case (#7678)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/smtp-email.rst

  Connection unsuccessful: Failed to add to email address - 554 5.7.1 <unknown[IP-ADDRESS]>: Client host rejected: Access denied

Checking your Notifications settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If SMTP connection test from **System Console > SMTP** fails with message ``Connection unsuccessful: Failed to set the to address: 550 5.7.27 <test@example.com>`` under the button "Test Connection", go to **System Console > Notifications** and verify that **Notification Display Name** and **Notification From Address** are correctly set. You might need to define also **Support Email Address** and **Notification Reply-To Address**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an SMTP connection test in the System Console for a self-hosted Mattermost deployment fails with the message ``Connection unsuccessful: Failed to set the to address: 550 5.7.27 <test@example.com>``, go to **System Console > Site Configuration > Notifications** to verify that notification settings are configured correctly, including **Notification Display Name**, **Notification From Address**, **Support Email Address**, and **Notification Reply-To Address**. Cloud administrators can't manage **Notification From Address** or **Notification Reply-To Address**.
```
